Missing OAuth signature (#566)
CleverCloud/doc.clever-cloud.com: extend/cc-api.md

Clever Cloud API has an OAuth1 based authentication.

> There are 2 supported methods for the signature: `PLAINTEXT`, `HMAC-SHA1` and `HMAC-SHA512`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 supported methods for the signature: `PLAINTEXT`, `HMAC-SHA1` and `HMAC-SHA512`.
```

There are now 3 methods :grin:

While `PLAINTEXT` is way easier for testing, you **should** use `HMAC-SHA512` when it comes to production. This ensures that the request is totally verified.

We have a [JavaScript client on GitHub](https://gitHub.com/CleverCloud/clever-client.js) where you can find a lot of informations.
Especially in the [esm/login.js file](https://gitHub.com/CleverCloud/clever-client.js/blob/master/esm/login.js)

> This client is being used by the Console. Also, the Console gives you a lot of informations in the "Network" panel of the devtools. If you're stuck, this is one way for debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This client is being used by our web Console and CLI. Also, the Console gives you a lot of information in the "Network" panel of the devtools. If you're stuck, this is one way for debugging.
```
